---
layout: post
title: "Visiting Writer: Dan Pena"
date: 2018-11-01
excerpt: Order Bang! Today!!!
comments: false
categories: LitCitizenship
---

At the risk of sounding like I'm exaggerating, I just want to say that Dan Pena came to the Texas A&M University English 347 classroom to talk to us aspiring writers at just the right time.

I want to be an author. I want to write. Yet, it seemed like such an unrealistic and impossible dream that you think about while you work your 9 to 5 job.

With a few words, he assuaged some of those fears for some of my classmates and me. My dreams in the deep air were somehow now a bit more grounded as he talked about his own experiences publishing his book, including when it came to standing up for the story he wanted to be told.

As a person, he was sweet and passionate and open. He was very real, very human, not leaping on some sixth level arrogance that I've experienced.

What a great book he created as well! His writing has very detailed and beautiful imagery. I felt with Lalo, who was in pain and dying. I felt with Cuauhtemoc, who was becoming a different person as he witnessed and participated in his friend's death. I felt like I needed to hug all of these characters to keep their humanity present. I think that's what makes him a strong writer. He makes you feel and empathize. He makes you believe. Best of all, he accurately portrays Latinos within his literature, including the beautiful and strong three-dimensional women that are rarely adequately shown.

If you want to read to feel like you are reading a book about real people, read Dan Pena's Bang! today. Available on Amazon and Barnes and Noble.
